hello guys with you to the river and
Today I will show you one mod for
minecraft which I would not call
especially useful but still it is interesting
you all know what minecraft is
chicken eggs and a wide variety in
their use except to throw them not
the author of the mod noticed and decided to do
several new recipes for chicken eggs
but unfortunately this is not a recipe and everyones
snacks like cake or pumpkin
pie but all the recipes you added
Now you can see the screen well,
let's order the first thing this
miner egg well, not the same in general
an egg that will help you quickly
to mine it is crafted by
stone pickaxe and chicken eggs
how does it work you take it in hand
press the right mouse button and stone
pickaxe flies in the direction in which you
looked then she cuts through several
blocks and disappears honestly i'm not
I know why this might be useful if
do you have any thoughts on this
then write about it in the comments why
I think that it is useless because
It is disposable, that is, if I were not
in 3 mode I would just throw it and
she disappeared and more and more I would not have her
was the next egg that was crafted
in this way for him
need one egg 5 torches one
chest stove and workbench use this
the egg is best of course on level
terrain because if you throw it
somewhere in the mountains this building can
half be in a mountain house
represents such
small wooden building
which has a door which for some reason
fell inside you can find those
chest workbench and stove which
used for crafting and two torches
the chest is of course an empty stove too
the only thing you get here on
freebie is a bunch of boards but from
next egg I really will
feel good because it's an egg
for teleportation , she crafts like you
see using the pearl endermen and
ordinary egg
so what's its use when you
use ordinary endermen pearl
you apply a certain amount
damage but if you will use
pearl through the egg you will not
damage is the only negative
speed because when you just
throw pearly she flies with big
speed but if you throw
it flies at low speed but
you teleport without injury next
testicle is crafting in this way
it will need 3 spider eyes 3
rotten flesh two bones and one egg and you
get here's an egg to call
monsters when you throw this egg on
the spot of the fall of this egg will fall asleep
several mobs
and to be precise that 2 spider two
skeleton 2 zombies and 4 creeper it can
be useful for example for pumping something
is if you need a certain
amount of experience you have in the chests
surely that's like a bunch of lying
items you can craft this testicle
throw it and fill with these mobs experience and
here are the next four eggs will be very
even interesting are explosive eggs
which have the function of grenades viz .
This is such a dynamite that you can throw
but why are there 4 of them but because
they differ in the radius of the explosion at the first
it's only 1 2 5
the third 10 and the last 50
large blast radius
the weakest egg will make an explosion
here is such he will blow up only 8
exploding egg blocks with a radius of 5
will make the explosion bigger here
the blast will make an egg with a radius of 10
pushed me away well and it was time
test the most powerful egg i think
I have the game to be a bit buggy Well
I'm ready to throw an egg
as I said, the game was a little buggy and
what can we see here such
a huge crater from the explosion of the most powerful
eggs I hope you enjoyed the review on
this mod and you will put this video like
and we will collect 500 likes under it but
Thank you all for this
view subscribe to the channel also
on the VKontakte group and do not miss
new videos all links are in the description
under this video with you was Garik all
until
come on